Master, don't deceive too much
How did I deceive him?
I'm helping him make money, I'm helping him
Otherwise, a trash like him
You will never make so much money in your life
That's right, that's what Noble said
The boy still doesn't kneel down, thank you for the noble gift
No shame for you, that's 1 million
Kneel down and shut your mouth for me
I thought I had more backbone
Didn't you still pick it up?
Who did you pretend to show it like that just now?
What a waste
Did Xiaoya see it?
Your boyfriend is so spineless
Break up, hurry up
Keep this money to buy something better
Say it again
Toast without penalty
Then you go to hell.
In the system universal store
Nothing that can improve my fight
Some natural powers
Price 100 million
Muse Fund bought
take down